# 01-10-2022 [community website] Working Group weekly meeting 

## Attendees
[@namyalg](https://github.com/Namyalg)

[@mukulkolpe](https://github.com/MukulKolpe)

[@rahulsharma](https://github.com/rahulsh18)

[@abhilipshasahoo](https://github.com/abhilipsasahoo03)

[@amitkulkarni](https://github.com/Crystalsage)

[@codewarsx](https://github.com/codewarsfx)

[@palaksharma](https://github.com/Palaksharma23)

[@sahilprasad](https://github.com/sailorworks)

@karansinghthakur

@jasirmohdkhan

## Agenda
Discuss on upcoming events from moja global.

## Discussion
-namyalg shared more about demo day and how moja global will take part in hacktober fest. 

Rahul, Abhilipsa, Karan, Mukul are working on flint ui

-Sahil shared his work on the documentation issue

-Jasir is currently working on adding helm charts to the kubernetes manifest files in flint cloud

-Amit shared his work on building App Images

-codewars has newly joined us and is looking to contribute to the community website


## Check in on previous action items
Every above attendee gave their progress on the issue they are working on.

## New Action items

Contributors can take up their prefered issue to work on from moja global repository.
