# 07-01-2023 [community] Working Group weekly meeting 
## Attendees
[@JanviThakkar](https://github.com/Janvi-Thakkar)

[@KaranSinghThakur](https://github.com/thisiskaransgit)

[@sahilprasad](https://github.com/sailorworks)

@saurabhsuchak

## Agenda

Disscusion on blockers faced by the contributors in general.

## Discussion

- Sahil shared the blocker which he was facing when installing the [setup](https://github.com/moja-global/GCBM.Belize) to which the contributors are recommended to use appropriate slack channel for the same.
- Janvi spoke about the open programs which [moja-global](https://moja.global/) participates in, and those include [lfx](https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org/tools/mentorship/), [gsoc](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) and [gsod](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs).

- Saurabh showed his interest in contributing to Moja-Global.

## Check in on previous action items
Every above-mentioned attendee gave their progress on the issue they are working on.

## New Action items

Contributors can choose their preferred issue to work on from the Moja-Global repository.

## Meeting link
https://tldv.io/app/meetings/63b9593ec4bbc50014facf52/