# 26-01-2023 [community]  
## Agenda - Open to Discussion
- GSoC & GSoD participation
- Publications about moja global projects
- Participation in conferences/meetups
- Implementation of metrics to track progress

## Discussion

- Creating Blogs for the moja global organization. Like the technology on which we are working like Vuejs for frontend and all.
- Example - Harsh is taking the blog on “DevOps practises” and “FLINT.Cloud GCP” by Gopi 
- You being recognized by the name and able to learn lot’s of thing regarding the MojaGlobal just by writing about the same.
- Platform to write Blogs: Medium 

##Reach out initiative :
- College Outreach - Talks in college and collaborative work done by students (resources will be provided)
- Conferences can be attended to write blog posts on Medium
- Increase the reach of Moja Global
- Communications team along with Harsh is processing the idea for creating online reach via Social Media.

## Tips to keep in mind: 
- Dont become an organiser, be the person to promote Moja Global
- Know what you are going to speak
- Have the confidence and spark to speak up on stage while holding virtual meetings.

## How will this be executed:
- Slack room  to be craeted for respective people based on their interest of contributing.
- Groups will be created for publications, conferences, outreach etc.
- SIGs to be created for students who want to take up initiatives and have executable ideas.
- Formalise a process how to assign initiatives to people who are interested. 
- Suggestion: Online Reach by Twitter, Hackathon .
- Discussion: Currently, Openings positions for SDE of DevRel would not be fair to people who have FTE. But it would be a little hard to manually execute and manage . Moja Global is open to the idea though in future.

## Topic to cover:
- How to be inclusive of Diversity
- About the metrics of GSOD

## GSOC and GSOD:
- GSOC - Projects have been proposed, repository by Harsh - https://github.com/moja-global/mentorship/pull/39 
- GSOD - New Projects will be Introductes, first topic will be for Case Studies, Blogs, Documentation. Second Topic will be FLINT HandBook Extention, Documenting a GCP Toolkit, Roadmaps. 

## Moderated by 
[@Gopinath Balakrishnan](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bgopi/)
[@HarshCasper](https://github.com/HarshCasper)

## Meeting Link
https://meet.google.com/upm-vedb-uif 
